MANUAL

1) How to input graph
    1.1) From File
        For with way you must push button "from File" -> and find file .json in your file system
    1.2) By Button
        You must fill all text fields to add or delete:
            * Node - button "Add" nearly "Node name" text label to add node
                   - button "Remove" nearly "Node name" text label to remove node
            * Edge - button "Add" nearly "Weight" test label to add edge
    1.3) By Mouse
        Firstly you must fill text fields to add or delete:
            * Field "Name" - for add node
            * Field "Weight" - for add Edge, if you want to add Edge by mouse you must insert
                nodes that you want to connect ("blue" - from, "yellow" - here).
                You can change node`s color by right mouse button
        Features for mouse input:
            * You can change node`s location if you write node`s name in "Name" text field
                and click mouse in free drawing field.
            * You can delete nodes if you click on here
     1.4) Change nodes location
        Nodes have random location by default but you can change this value. If you want repaint
            graph - you have to click on button "Repaint" and all nodes will changes his location
     1.5) If you hate you graph or simple want to delete him you can click by button "reset"

2) How to save graph
    2.1) If you want to save you graph you can click on button "Save this graph" and graph will
        save into file with all node`s locations and node`s edges

3) How go to algorithm
    3.1) If you want go to algorithm you have to clicked to button "Go to algotithm". Pane will be
        changed. You can`t edited, add or remove nodes now. Here you can run Dijkstra algorithm.

4) Algorithm work
    4.1) For start algorithm you must input start node and click on "Start algorithm button"
        After that algorithm start. You will see vizualization of algorithm. Algorithm change
        vizualization image every second.
    4.2) After algorithm end his work you can walk by algorithm steps using buttons: "Next step" and
        "Previous step"
    4.3) You can know lenght from start to any another nodes, that contains in graph. For this you
        have to input needed nodes to "Aim Node" and clicked on "Get length button". After that you
        will see new window with information about Path and Length from start to aim node.

5) Reset all
    5.1) If you want to reset all click on button "Reset"



